Nb walkthrough reformat (#20)
R4EPI/R4EPIs-website: content/training/Walk-through/place_analyses.Rmd

Finally, the table is created with `kable()` and displayed.

```{r attack_rate_by_region, warning=FALSE, message=FALSE}
# count cases by region
cases <- count(linelist_cleaned, patient_origin) %>%
  # add in population data

>   left_join(population_data_region, by = "patient_origin") 

Reviewer: Adding vertical space to clearly differentiate between assignment of cases and ar_region

```suggestion
  left_join(population_data_region, by = "patient_origin") 
  
```

You could also **table mortality rate by region**. A few things to note:  

> * The first command uses `group_by()` to count cases by `patient_origin`. Then, `filter()` is applied based on the character search function `grepl()` from the package **stringr**, which looks for "Dead" within the variable `exit_status` - **note: we must change this to reflect our data and have `grepl()` look in `exit_status2`** (otherwise, the object `deaths` has 0 rows and `mortality_rate()` produces an error).  

Reviewer: I've changed all grep functions to str_ functions in the templates

```suggestion
* The first command uses `group_by()` to count cases by `patient_origin`. Then, `filter()` is applied based on the character search function `str_detect()` from the package **stringr**, which looks for "Dead" within the variable `exit_status` - **note: we must change this to reflect our data and have `str_detect()` look in `exit_status2`** (otherwise, the object `deaths` has 0 rows and `mortality_rate()` produces an error).  
```

* The `mortality_rate()` step calculates mortality rates for the regions that had a death.  

```{r mortality_rate_region, warning=FALSE, message=FALSE}
deaths <- group_by(linelist_cleaned, patient_origin) %>%

>   filter(grepl("Dead", exit_status2)) %>% 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  filter(str_detect(exit_status2, "Dead")) %>% 
```

2) In the next command, `breakers` is defined as a sequence of integers. Zero is included by default because it should be a separate color on the final map. After zero, quartiles are determined up to the `max_ar`.  

3) In the last command, `mutate()` is used to make `ar_map` (a copy `ar_region`), and add the `categories` variable. This variable is created using `breakers` to define the breaks in the numeric variable `AR (per 10,000)`. 

```{r warning=FALSE, message=FALSE}
## create a categorical variable for plotting 
max_ar    <- max(ar_region$`Upper 95%CI`, na.rm = TRUE) # define your highest AR
breakers <- as.integer(c(0, # include zero as a standalone group

>              seq(1, max_ar, by = max_ar/4) # 1 to maximum with four divisions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
             find_breaks(max_ar, breaks = 4, by = 100) # four breaks rounded to the nearest 100
```
